Added Verification Docs (#92)
PyDrocsid/cogs: moderation/verification/documentation.md

# Verification

> This cog is used to add a verification system that adds or removes certain roles from a user when they send the bot a command with a pre-set password via direct messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cog is used to add a verification system that adds or removes certain roles from a member when they send the bot a command with a pre-set password via direct messages.
```

## `verification`

> The `.verification` command shows the current verification configuration. This includes the roles that will be added or removed from the user (verification roles), the configured password and the amount of time a user has to be a member of the server before they can verify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.verification` command shows the current verification configuration. This includes the roles that will be added to or removed from the member (verification roles), the configured password and the amount of time a member has to be in the server before they can verify.
```

### `add`

> The `add` subcommand adds a verification role. If you set `reverse` to `true`, the role will be removed from the user instead of being added. Note that verification will fail if the user does not have all reverse verification roles!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `add` subcommand adds a verification role. If you set `reverse` to `true`, the role will be removed from the member instead of being added. Note that verification will fail if the member does not have all reverse verification roles!
```

```css
.verification [add|a|+] <role> [reverse=False]
```

> Argument | Required            | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argument|Required|Description
```

> ---------|---------------------|------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
```

> `role`     | :heavy_check_mark:  | The verification role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`role`|:heavy_check_mark:|The verification role
```

> |`reverse`|       |Remove this role instead of adding it to the user.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`reverse`|       |Remove this role instead of adding it to the member.|
```

> `reverse`  |                     | Remove this role instead of adding it to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`reverse`|       |Remove this role instead of adding it to the user.
```

Required permissions:

- `verification.read`
- `verification.write`

### `remove`

The `remove` subcommand removes an existing verification role.

```css
.verification [remove|r|-] <role>
```

> Argument | Required            | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argument|Required|Description
```

> ---------|---------------------|------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
```

> `role`     | :heavy_check_mark:  | The verification role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`role`|:heavy_check_mark:|The verification role
```

Required permissions:

- `verification.read`
- `verification.write`

### `password`

> The `password` subcommand sets the *secret* password the user will need to verify with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `password` subcommand sets the *secret* password the member will need to verify with.
```

> The `password` subcommand sets the *secret* password the user will need to verify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `password` subcommand sets the *secret* password the user will need to verify with.
```

```css
.verification [password|p] <password>
```

> Argument | Required            | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argument|Required|Description
```

> ---------|---------------------|------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
```

> `password` | :heavy_check_mark:  | The password as string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`password`|:heavy_check_mark:|The password
```

Required permissions:

- `verification.read`
- `verification.write`

!!! note
    The password has a maximum length of 256 characters.

### `delay`

> The `delay` subcommand sets the amount of time a user has to be on the server before they can verify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `delay` subcommand sets the amount of time a member has to be in the server before they can verify.
```

```css
.verification [delay|d] <seconds>
```

> Argument | Required            | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argument|Required|Description
```

> ---------|---------------------|------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
```

> `delay`    | :heavy_check_mark:  | The amount of time in seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`delay`|:heavy_check_mark:|The amount of time in seconds
```

Required permissions:

- `verification.read`
- `verification.write`

## `verify`

> The `verify` command is used by server members to verify themselves. If the specified password is correct and the configured delay has elapsed, the configured verification roles will be added or removed from the member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `verify` command is used by server members to verify themselves. If the specified password is correct and the configured delay has elapsed, the configured verification roles will be added to or removed from the member.
```

```css
verify <password>
```

> Argument | Required            | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argument|Required|Description
```

> ---------|---------------------|------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
```

> `password` | :heavy_check_mark:  | The verification password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`password`|:heavy_check_mark:|The verification password
```

!!! note

>     As this command can only be used in private messages, it does not start with the configured bot prefix! So, for example, if the configured password is `Tr0ub4dor&3` a user would have to send this exact message to the bot to complete verification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As this command can only be used in direct messages, it does not start with the configured bot prefix! So, for example, if the configured password is `Tr0ub4dor&3`, a member would have to send this exact message to the bot to complete verification:
```

# Verification

> This Cog is used to add a Verification System.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Cog is used to add a verification system.
```

## add

> With the `add` subcommand you can a Verification Role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the `add` subcommand you can add a verification role.
```

> You can set `reverse` to `true` then the Role will get removed from the user and not added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you set `reverse` to `true`, the role will be removed from the user instead of added.
```

```css
.verification [add|a|+] <role> [reverse=False]
```

Argument | Required            | Description
---------|---------------------|------------

> role     | :heavy_check_mark:  | The Verification Role

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
role     | :heavy_check_mark:  | The verification role
```

> reverse  |                     | The Role assignment will be reversed => Role will get removed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reverse  |                     | The role assignment will be reversed => role will be removed
```

> Required Permissions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Required permissions:
```

- `settings.change_prefix`

## delay

> Set the Time you have to be on the Server until you can Verify.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the time a user has to be on the server until they can verify.
```

```css
.verification [delay|d] <seconds>
```

Argument | Required            | Description
---------|---------------------|------------

> delay    | :heavy_check_mark:  | The Time in Seconds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
delay    | :heavy_check_mark:  | The time in seconds
```

## password

> Sets the *Secret* Password you'll need to Verify.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the *secret* password the user will need to verify.
```

```css
.verification [password|p] <password>
```

Argument | Required            | Description
---------|---------------------|------------

> password | :heavy_check_mark:  | The Password as string

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
password | :heavy_check_mark:  | The password as string
```

!!! note

>     Password has a Max-Length of 256 Chars

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The password has a max-length of 256 characters.
```

## remove

> Removes an existing Verification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removes an existing verification.
```

```css
.verification [remove|r|-] <role>
```

Argument | Required            | Description
---------|---------------------|------------

> role     | :heavy_check_mark:  | The Verification Role

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
role     | :heavy_check_mark:  | The verification role
```
